In the last video, we have used NotBlank annotation to check
if the string entered for username and password is null or empty.
Let's try to use other annotations and see if we can improve this application.
So in addition to checking the username and password.
In this demo, I'm also checking the length of the password so
that it has minimum length of six and maximum of 10.
I also check to see on the grade,
because grade cannot be negative or more than 100.
I'm using an e-mail validation tag to check the format of the e-mail input by user.
So that's our model.
Let's take a look at the controller we have.
So the controller is part of the scene,
it's only difference is we're adding the binding result
to our controller so that if anything is incorrect,
so we're binding other result here and sending back to the view.
In our view as you can see,
we're adding all the error statement for each attribute or each element in this form.
Let's try to test it.
So you can see that we have our form here.
Let's try to input some invite data.
Let's leave this blank,
let's have three digit for the password,
let's have a negative grade,
and lets have an inverted e-mail for the e-mail field.
We click that you will see that the error is returned to the view and go rendered,
and you will find the form is validated with all the validation annotation we have.
So here are some common annotations for use to validate Spring Boot.
NotBlank, NotEmpty, Length which include the max and minimum.
It's a Min, Max, Email, etc.
So while using this,
we can use all of this annotations to validate the user inputs in Spring Boot.